Okay. first of all I'll start with the costs,. because that's going to influence our design. Because we have a problem.
It has to be twelve and a half.
You're going to redesign something. Okay, so we're at twenty five. Do we keep the shape doubly curved or do we go for single curved?
Well I guess i we'll have to go for single curve then. I mean we have to drop on everything.
Another option I saw was to drop the buttons one through nine, so you can't directly access a channel, but instead use only the up and down arrows.
But we don't have any basic options any more.
They don't need special colours.
That was exactly my point. Like let's drop all the buttons, and just make one. I mean we're gonna use the LCD screen anyway. So we'll just have to use it for everything. we need one integrated button for everything then.
Integrated scroll-wheel push-button, yeah.
But but th the cost of one integrated button is far more than a few extra push-buttons. Could drop the speech recognition.
There are more people who like speech recognition than an LCD screen. Yeah. Let's drop the speech.
If you lose the the Back, the Okay button let's say we only have the four arrows, and the Menu button.
With with one integrated button we can do the whole menu thing.
So let's go for the plastic. So the only option is an hand dynamo.
Drop the the special colour, and do the special colour for the buttons.
Let's let's go for the hand dynamo then. Yeah it has to be curved and has to have that colour.
Yeah but it's just a scroll-wheel which you can push down. So
Okay. Make it a special colour and then it look fancy.
Woah we're within budget.
Oh ma make it two special colours, but we only have one button.
It's silly 'cause we we should have had this meeting before we start drawing.
Well we first should have had a prototype presentation. But well as you saw that hadn't made no sense, because we had to drop it.
We all have to keep in mind what has changed now. So what we have left on the Because evaluation is based on the initial user requirements. Well we evaluate the design with a seven point scale, as following. Well the criteria are based on the user requirements, the trends from the marketing research, and the marketing strategy of the company itself. And we all have to agree on a certain level. Well the first point is the remote control matches the operating behaviour of the young user.
I think it does. Because the operating behaviour of the young user was also defined in colour and shape and the use of LCD,
Okay well I say still two, but it has to be three then. The remote control has irrelevant or less used functions. Yeah. Well, yeah. So it it's a very true point. I mean it hides all those function. It shows the relevant and most used functions.
It automatically has the the programme and the volume function,
The the remote control makes use of technolog technological innovation like LCD screen and speech recognition.
Yeah, I say two.
Okay, it has a fancy look and feel by using fruit and vegetable prints, primary colours and sponge-like material. It should have been two questions. I realise now, because sponge-like material is dropped.
So we still we still have the primary colours. But only on the on the outside, not on the button. Yeah still we we dropped also on the the double curve.
So maybe in the middle or something.
Actually we we didn't do so well on this one. I mean the sponge-like and the three shape, that would give it something young and fresh.
The remote control displays the corporate logo. But there's enough space for the corporate logo. I mean, if there's only one thing.
And even the shape we have now simulates kind of an and the reversed,
The remote control is easy to use. Skill, I would say six, or something. I don't think it's easy to use, or not so.
The only the only thing easy about it is that you don't have to move your fingers. 'Cause it has only one button.
Yeah. Well I I would say a five or a six.
It's really not easy to use.
The remote control is durable.
Definitely in casing, 'cause we have a hard plastic. Yeah because the the batteries, those thingies last forever.
Yeah. If you don't drop it too much, it's should last pretty long. But I think rubber compared is better. So I think a two is more appropriate. Okay I will go go for two. The remote control's a good example for company's motto, we put the fashion in electronics.
Because we kind of tried to but we kind of failed with the budget that we have.
But it all has to do with the budget, because it's it's not the bad idea we had, so
Yeah, four is okay.
So if I understood it right, we have to count these numbers. Yeah just add them and then divide them. I all made it possible for a positive questions, so we can count it.
And then you can count them together.
That's three Or le less than a three. makes three point one one one one one one one.
So we're better than average.
I Are you sure we this number actually tells us somethings? I don't think so because some questions are related to positive issues and some to negative.
Yeah, but there are no negative questions I guess. So it were all positive questions, by by purpose. So. Yes, so the It tells us something, yes.
It's not, it's not really eye-catching, except for the colour.
Yeah we we have to maybe if we have to redesign it on this
Okay we're still gonna go for the fancy colours?
Yeah we we can just use this one. And then over-paint it with the green
The the button has a special colour, the frame has a special colour. Oh and you might want to add a infrared LED. Well I have to make an report of every decision we made so far. And I try to get chip just before I receive the Excel sheet. but maybe you can help me.
Okay, but how do we make the the scroll button?
The the target group has a weak spot for fruit and vegetables, like primary colours, spongy shape.
Yeah, is it's horizontal or vertical?
Well I think I have to make a an issue called finance.
It's not very fashionable anymore. But it's okay. Maybe that's a a special colour for it. So we can make it special?
Can we do a print?
I'm not sure.
Shall we just give it some dots to make it look pretty?
We have the original balance sheet, or
Okay, it's not the prettiest, I know.
Maybe maybe it it can say that. The Real Remote.
Shall we do the logo in black or not?
Is this the last assignment? Or
Well it's it's single single curved. But it's it's better to have in the front, this kind of shape, because it looks nice.
And I don't know if you have to present, because I didn't receive any information about that so far. Yeah, I have still ten minutes to finish the report. You can just if you ma finish my presentation please. Oh yeah, we have to do the project evaluation. So how were did the project process go? Did you, were you all pleased with the process as it was?
Yeah well at first I was really stressed. Because it went a bit fast. But then as I knew the tempo that I had to be on, the second time I think I did a bit better.
Because at first you you make your individual contribution, and then come here, and you have no idea what the others have to make. And then finally you have some idea, okay this is gonna this is what we gonna make together and okay I will arrange this and you will arrange that,. and you have a a kind of idea what you can expect on the next half hour when you have to work on your own. So. The process, I mean, the interaction between us became better and better I guess.
Yeah. Especially after the first meeting.
Well you did become more assertive the the second time round, so that
Was there enough room for creativity?
But only the the financial parts
Also not only the drawing and the the making of the thing itself, but also in explaining it to the other people, by means of. the the board and PowerPoint and Word and stuff like that.
So and the about the board digital pen?
The digital pen is better than the SMARTboard. Because it it it just works better. But the screen is useful, in essence, but it doesn't work that well.
And as I said, I have no idea how PowerPoint works, so will take me half a day to be able to make a normal PowerPoint presentation.
Okay, are are there any new ideas about this?
It's use especially useful, I guess, to to evaluate designs and graph graphical stuff.
I think the PowerPoint is is too limited.
Yeah the the the problem with PowerPoint for me is that you have to i put in the pre-made chunks as well.
Yeah. But it it's useful to to show something to to an a small audience, and then to. Yes. Check your email.
We should enter our questionnaire.